BGW

NAME
	bgw - construct classical parameter BGW matrices.

SYNOPSIS
	bgw [PARAMETERS]... [OPTIONS]... [PARAMETERS | FILES]...

DESCRIPTION
	bgw invokes several different constructions: omega-circ BGWs, GHs, Hadi Kharaghani's OA construction, and matrix group substitutions.

	MANDATORY
		At least one option from aCcHh.
		
		-o outfile must be used for every invocation.

		-i infile must be used whenever one of ag is used.

		If one of acH are used, expects 2 parameters: (1) a prime power q and (2) an exponent d. If Used with H, d > 0; if used with ac, d > 1.

		If C is used, expects 1 parameter: prime power q.


	OPTIONAL OPTIONS
		Any one of gpw.

		gp perform matrix substitution as described below.

		w constructs a weighing matrix.

OPTIONS
	-a
		Invokes Hadi Kharaghani's OA construction. Must use -o outfile and -i infile. 

		Expects 0 parameters.

		The infile contains a weighing matrix of prime power weight q.

		Performs the (d-1)-st iteration of Hadi's construction.

		General use: bgw q d -a -i infile -o outfile

	-C
		Constructs the skew-symmetric generalilzed conference matrix with type II core over GF(q)*. Must use -o outfile.

		Expects 0 parameters.

		General use: bgw q -C -o outfile

	-c
		Constructs omega-circ BGW with classical parameters over GF(q)*. Must use -o outilfe.

		Expects 0 parameters.

		General use: bgw q d -c -o outfile

	-g
		Used in conjuction with any of Cc.

		Constructs omega-circ BGW with classical parameters over cyclic matrix group. Must use -i infile and -o outfile.

		The infile contains the matrix group generator with row entries seperated by ' ' and rows seperated by '\n'.

		g expects 1 parameter: Order of matrix group, say G. This is in addition to the parameters required by Cc.

		General use: bgw q d -cg G -i infile -o outfile OR bgw q -Cg G -i infile -o outfile

	-H
		Constructs classical parameter GHs over EA(q). Must use -o outfile.

		Expects 0 parameters.

		General use: bgw q d -H -o outfile

	-h
		Displays the current help page.

	-i
		Used with every instance of g.

		Expects 1 parameter: Input file containing matrix group generator.

	-o
		Used for every invokation of bgw.

		Expects 1 parameter: Output file to store constructed matrix.

	-p
		Constructs GH over EA(q) using permutation matrices.
	
		Used in conjuction with H.

		General use: bgw q d -Hp -o outfile

	-w
		Constructs classical parameter weighing matrix.

		Used in conjuction with Cc.

		If used with C, constructs skew-symmetric conference matrix with zero diagonal and type II core.

		If used with c, constructs classical parameter negacyclic BW.

		General use: bgw q d -cw -o outfile OR bgw q -Cw -o outfile

EXIT STATUS
	0 if success.
	1 otherwise.

Written by Thomas Pender.
